# Project Depression Rate Prediction - Project will be done by Cu-Coders Summer of Code Company interns
ABOUT MAN-KI-BAAT-PVT.LTD:

Man Ki Baat

BACKGROUND - IDEA : MAN KI BAAT is a artificially intelligent pocket doctor that functions as pocket supplement to detect, predict and prevent Depression. The idea of solving this typical problem comes from a WHO report that every year 4.4 billion of people in the world are dying by suicide the only cause is depression !! When ever a person feels low he or she first cant able to understand weather am depressed or stressed or what the stuff is happening with me ? They take their own time of self analysis or realisation ,the situation gets worsens in that time. As the time passes the mind set up pass into a cronix stage. Finally when the situation goes out of hand they use to refer to a doctor .Then the concerned psychiatrist or psychologist takes their own period to diagonize the problem ! Actually by the time the situation gets into a suicide ! No software solution is present till date to this problem. But we are living in the world of AI ,So I developed a solution to it ,to create such a AI doctor that will prevent suicide by predicting, detecting and supporting the users by right time . This application is mainly developed on the sight of the present scenario that in this era we all are having depression for any reason ,job ,family ,relationship or of any reason !

HOW IT ALL STARTED : Idea is generated by the time of winters 2k19. As the idea got generated first the applicability and market effectivity of the product is generated. Idea was generated by founder of the Company Mr.Anustup Mukherjee. First The tech stack of the model is processed and prepared .In backend the latest technology under AI that is Machine learning is utilized. Algorithms are developed ,model is then trained to predict and detect depression. To collect the Depression Data for the initial training our model and the working was collected from some psychiatrist and psychologists :

DR. Nilanjana Mukherjee (Psychiatrist ,Kolkata) ARDSI Calcutta

Dr.Partha Dutta (Psychiatrist ,Kolkata)

We worked with them on the data sets, pshychiatric questions ,Councelling and remeduiation procedures. We refined the processes and processed them and selected the best user friendly outputs for the best prediction.

We tested the first market effectivity of the model in : 1.) Kolkata-UEM-Ureckon TechExpo – Software used by 150 + user – success rate 92 %

2.) FYI – STPI-Find India young Investors Chandigarh

For real life testing of our model and the manual checking of the accuracy we ran a survey in Chandigarh University ,

Form Contains 30 basics pshychiatric questions that is asked by doctors for the detection of the depression.First we collected the data ,ran it into our software checked the outputs ,then we passed the data to the doctors and got their results .Finally we matched them and got the accuracy of 95 %. As we got sure about our product we started developing our product the complete application.First we developed a website for the alpha version and the market use : www.depression.bookmark.com Next as it is launched, We registered the startup from : 1.) CU TBI

2.)Punjab Ammendment Cell

3.)CHD-It Park

We got affiliation from : ICS International Startups After the registration step completes we started hiring and looking for the investors by setting the final launch date of the entire application in play store by June 1 to July 1. HOW WE WORK : The working of our application is very simple and user friendly as we are not looking for the complex mind drives, its just like :

1.)First download our APP from the playstore Man ki Baat or go to our website

2.)Have a formal Login by providing name,age,sex if user don’t enters it still the login will be done.

3.)Next we take the user into a question page where we ask them some pshychiatric questions in the user friendly format .We take their response and pass the data into the backend ML model.

4.)Next ML model detects weather the person is depressed or simply stressed ? if it detects the stress then it takes the person to our chat bot , it is a stranger to stranger chat bot where user can chat with any one without disclosing their identity .

5.)If ML founds it to be a depression,it takes user to a page where he/she is shown some images.Response of the user to the image is tracked by webcam and data send to backend for processing .Its based on pshychiatric test ROSHAQ.

6.)Finally the entire process takes a typical time of 6 to 8 mins ,we give the result to the user.We show weather depression is there or not? If there then type and stage ?

Suicidal probability of the patient .

7.)We let the user to see the report by 2 mins ,then we ask them a question wanna go the doctor or not,as by the data os our market survey we see that users don’t want to go the doctor.Hence if they press no ,we redirect them to our main app or site,where our support and smiling yoga team comes into action.The try to make user smile and happy,give them support bychats,pop ups,talks,animations and jokes.

8.)If user press yes then we send them to the doctor based on the present location and users are send to Practo .As we have linking with them.Pshychiatrist are shown.

9.)Rather than all this entire app/site is well framed with attractive mind freshening colours,blogs,jokes,smilies ,Smiling yogas vedios and so on to spread smile only !

MARKET VALUE-USERS REFERENCE /USES :

As from the data of our market responses the only word we heard is really innovative ,need it in market to save many lifes.Just adding the real life uses of it along with medical cost reduction :

1.)App is functioning as the diagoniser and councellor ,and that’s happeninig free of cost,Hence the doctors under our app will be providing only medicines and that should be in half cost.

2.)Free diagonisis and support for the rural development India .

3.)A pocket doctor to support and read the mind set of the people to prevent stress,depression and suicides these days at no cost.

4.)Easy availability ,stress remover and support giver to the people.

5.)A supplement to develop medical-mental health industry to a next level.

COMPANY BODY :

Founder & CEO – Mr.Anustup Mukherjee – ML developer at Metvy.Net.pvt ltd

                                                                      Winter Intern IIT Patna 
                                                                        Jr.Research intern Microsoft – Elementor 
                                                                        Speaker 
Number of Employee – 15

Revenue report – 9Rs per user as per login basis

                        Rs.1000-500 on monthly basis 
                        
                         Near to 5-11K yearly turnover at present  
Bodies : Manager team

        Tech Team ( Frontend and backend )
        
        Marketing team
        
        Support and talk team.
        
        Medical data collector and analyser team
        . 
         Smiling Yoga team. 
